Update contexts.md (#3490)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/contexts.md

CircleCI enables you to restrict secret environment variables at run time by adding security groups to contexts. Only organization administrators may add *security groups* to a new or existing context. Security groups are definied as LDAP groups or GitHub teams. After a security group is added to a context, only members of that security group who are also CircleCI users may access or use the environment variables of the restricted context. 

> Note: Organizational admins have read/write access to all repositories and have unrestricted access to all contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Organization administrators have read/write access to all repositories and have unrestricted access to all contexts.
```

> Note: Organization administrators have read/write access to all repositories and have unrestricted access to all contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Organization administrators have read/write access to all projects and have unrestricted access to all contexts.
```
